So assignment uploaded in the LMS is a graded assignment,
so please check it.
Sure ma'am. Thank you.
Any updates?
Yes.
Write the program and upload it in, right?
Yes. We need to upload
Lab work, please. The
assignment, ma.
So I think, uh, today's session is only, um,
I mean this session is only to, to go
through the graded assignment.
Uh, and I believe sir will not come
and explain anything, right? Yeah, yeah.
He'll not come and explain anything.
Yeah. Okay. So we can continue with this session
or we can do the, uh, assignments later and upload it.
That's it, right?
Yeah, but okay.
You need to like upload the assignment then it'll be
considered before the red line.
Okay, fine. Thank you. So I'll be leaving.
I'll do the program later and I'll upload it. Thank you.
Okay. Thank you. Thank you
Ma'am. Graded lab
rework is the assignment you're saying about
Uh, I think that the name is, uh, uh,
graded lab work ML Feb seven
In my, it is showing graded lab work.
We, is that the assignment
Inside? There is a
date also.
Is there, you can just check with the PDF once you download.
Yes, yes. Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, hello. Uh, do we have any
TAs here or anyone?
Uh, yeah, actually, uh, can I share my screen?
It would be easier to explain that.
Yeah. Yeah.
Uh, actually last
maybe some, uh, two, three days ago had requested
for a feature add on, uh,
where this hollow circle would turn darkened circle
if the assignment is submitted.
Okay. And I was wondering why it was not getting darkened.
Am I missing something? I just resubmitted it some twice
or tries just to get this check, but it's still the same.
Uh, just tell me your, uh, role number.
I will, uh, just check
and, uh, inform you Uhhuh, uh, whether it's submitted or no.
Okay. It's 24 MDA 0 98.
It's, it's display here. The same thing
You have submitted, right?
Uh, just now. Just now? Yeah.
Yeah. It's fine. Fine.
If you are submitted then it'll be like visible.
Okay. Okay. Yeah. Thank you.